# Face-Recognition-using-opencv(Smart Home Appliances)

INTRODUCTION

A smart environment can identify people, interpret their actions and act accordingly. As humans tend to feel comfortable by interacting with the environment around them. Here comes the main part when someone is looking for such an environment is the security. Human face recognition is utilized in numerous spots nowadays for criminal recognizable proof, picture preparation, and security framework. Face acknowledgment frameworks are ideal for them which are based on PC programs that examine pictures of human appearances to recognize them consequently. The program takes a facial picture of the people through surveillance cameras and pre-stacked information. OpenCV utilizations to perceive human faces and burden a dataset comprising of pictures of individuals who are firmly connected with the individual living in the house. By stacking this information, we are advising the program to recognize these appearances in the house and on the off chance that somebody goes into the house other than the given countenances in the information. It gives a message to the proprietor that some new face is recognized and the proprietor can permit the individual or allow the machine to make an impression on the closest police headquarters alongside the area. By this, we can undoubtedly screen the home security framework. In this, we use the Face_recognition package, Numpy, and CV2, Twilio package. The Twilio package is used to send SMS to the user.

